Trump voters: two years in, here’s an updated
list of Trump’s 30 biggest broken promises.
1. He told you he’d cut your taxes, and that
the super-rich like him would pay more.
You bought it.
But his 2017 tax law has done the opposite.
By 2027, according to the nonpartisan Tax
Policy Center, the richest 1 percent will
have received 83 percent of the tax cut and
the richest 0.1 percent, 60 percent of it.
But more than half of all Americans — 53
percent — will pay more in taxes.
As Trump told his wealthy friends at Mar-a-Lago
just days after the tax bill became law, “You
all just got a lot richer.”
2.He promised that the average family would
see a $4,000 pay raise because of the tax
law.
You bought it.
But real wages for most Americans are lower
today than they were before the tax law went
into effect.
3. He promised to close special interest loopholes
that have been so good for Wall Street investors
but unfair to American workers, especially
the notorious “carried interest” loophole
for private-equity, hedge fund, and real estate
partners.
You bought it.
But the new tax law kept the “carried interest”
loophole.
4. He promised to bring an end to Kim Jong-Un’s
nuclear program.
You bought it.
Kim Jong-Un hasn’t denuclearized.
5. He told you he’d repeal Obamacare and replace
it with something “beautiful,” including
“insurance for everybody.”
You bought it.
But he didn’t repeal and he didn’t replace.
Which is just as well: His plan would have knocked
at least 24 million Americans off health insurance,
including many of you.
Instead, he’s doing what he can to cut it
back and replace it with nothing.
According to the Commonwealth Fund, about
4 million Americans have lost health insurance
in the last two years.
6.  He told you he wouldn’t “cut Social Security
like every other Republican and I’m not
going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.”
You bought it.
But now he’s planning such cuts in order
to deal with the ballooning deficit created,
in part, by the new tax law for corporations
and the rich.
7. He promised to protect anyone with pre-existing
conditions.
You bought it.
But in June, his Justice Department told a
federal court it would no longer defend provisions
of Obamacare that protect patients with pre-existing
conditions.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said the decision
was made with Trump’s approval.
8. He said he’d build a “wall” across the
southern border.You believed him.
But there’s no wall.
9. He told you he’d invest $1 trillion in our
nation’s crumbling infrastructure.
You bought it.
But after his giant tax cut for corporations
and millionaires, there’s no money left
for infrastructure.
10. He said he’d drain the Washington swamp.
You bought it.
But he’s brought into his administration
more billionaires, CEOs, and Wall Street moguls
than in any administration in history, to
make laws that will enrich their businesses,
and he’s filled departments and agencies
with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants
who are crafting new policies for the same
industries they recently worked for.
11. He promised to reinstitute a five-year ban
on all executive branch officials lobbying
the government for five years after they leave
government.”
You bought it.
But the five-year ban he signed applies only
to lobbying one’s former agency, not the
government as a whole, and it doesn’t stop
former officials from becoming lobbyists.
12. He said he’d use his business experience
to whip the White House into shape.
You bought it.
But he has created the most dysfunctional,
back-stabbing White House in modern history,
and has already fired and replaced so many
assistants that people there barely know who’s
in charge of what.
13. He told you he’d “bring down drug prices”
by negotiating “like crazy” with drug
companies.
You bought it.
But he hasn’t.
14. He told you he’d “stop foreign lobbyists
from raising money for American elections.”
You bought it.
But foreign lobbyists are still raising money
for American elections.
15. He promised “six weeks of paid maternity
leave to any mother with a newborn child whose
employer does not provide the benefit.”
You bought it.
But the giant tax cut for corporations and
the rich doesn’t leave any money for this.
16. He said he’d create tax-free dependent care
savings accounts for younger and elderly dependents,
and have the government match contributions
low-income families put into their savings
accounts.
You bought it.
He’s done neither.
17. He said that on Day One he’d label China
a “currency manipulator.”
You bought it.
But then he declared China is not a currency
manipulator.
18. He said he “won’t bomb Syria.”
You bought it.
Then he bombed Syria.
19. After pulling out of the Paris accord, he
said he’d negotiate a better deal on the
environment.
You bought it.
There have been no negotiations.
20. He promised that the many women who accused
him of sexual misconduct “will be sued after
the election is over.”
You bought it.
He hasn’t sued them, presumably because
he doesn’t want the truth to come out.
21. He said he would not be a president who took
vacations, and criticized Barack Obama for
taking too many.
You bought it.
But since becoming President, he has spent
a quarter of his days at one of his golf properties.
22. Trump vowed to “push colleges to cut the
skyrocketing cost of tuition.”
You believed him.
But he hasn't.
Instead, he's made it easier for for-profit
college to defraud students.
23.  He said he’d force companies to keep jobs
in America, and that there would be consequences
for companies that shipped jobs abroad, especially
government contractors.
You believed him.
But never before in U.S. history have federal
contractors sent so many jobs overseas.
There have been no consequences.
24. He promised to end DACA.
You bought it.
Then in January 2018 promised that "DACA recipients
should not to be concerned...
"We're going to solve the problem,” he said. Then
he reversed himself again and vowed to end
the program by March, 2018.
Currently, the federal courts have stayed
any action on it.
25. He promised to revive the struggling coal
industry and bring back lost coal mining jobs.
You bought it.
But coal is still losing customers as utilities
turn to natural gas and renewable power.
26. He promised to protect American steel jobs.
You bought it.
His tariffs on steel have protected some steel
jobs.
But industries that use steel -- like automakers
and construction -- now have to pay more for
the steel they use, with the result that their
jobs are threatened.
The Trade Partnership projects that 400,000
jobs will be lost among steel and aluminum
users.
27. He said he’d make America safer.
You believed him.
But mass shootings keep rising, and Trump
has failed to pass effective gun control legislation.
After 17 died in Parkland, Florida, Trump
promised “immediate action” on gun safety
in schools, but has done nothing.
28. He promised to make two- and four-year colleges
more affordable.
You bought it.
But Trump's most recent budget contains deep
cuts in aid for low-income and first-generation
college students, reduces Federal Work Study,
and eliminates the 50-year-old Federal Supplemental
Educational Opportunity Grant program, which
goes to more than a million poor college kids
each year.
29. He promised to eliminate the federal deficit
and bring down the debt.
You bought it.
Yet due to his massive tax cut mostly for
corporations and the rich, and his military
spending, the deficit is set to rise to $1
trillion, and the debt has ballooned to more
than $21 trillion.
30. He said he’d release his taxes.
“I’m under a routine audit and it’ll
be released, and as soon as the audit is finished
it will be released,” he promised during
the campaign.
You bought it.
He still hasn’t released his taxes.
What do you think?
Are there any broken promises I missed?
Let us know in the comments.
If you found this video insightful, be sure
to watch our video on why Trump is the worst
president in history.
As always, be sure to subscribe to this channel
for more videos like this one.